[Music]
awakening from a dream
of gandalf fighting the balrog in the
minds of morya
frodo baggins and samwise gamji
find themselves lost near mordor and
discover they are being tracked
by gollum a former bearer of the one
ring
capturing gollum frodo takes pity and
allows him to guide them
reminding sam that they will need
gollum's help to infiltrate mordor
aragorn legolas and gimli
pursue a band of urukai to save their
companions
mary and pippen and they enter the
kingdom
of rohan the urukai are ambushed by a
group of rohimir
the people of rohan allowing the hobbits
to escape
into fangorn forest meeting aragorn's
group
the rohamir's leader ayamur explains
that he and his men have been exiled by
rohan's king
theoden who is being manipulated by
saruman
and his servant grima wormtong aomer
believes mary and pippin were killed
during the raid
but leaves the group two horses
searching for the hobbits in fangorn
aragorn's group encounters gandalf who
reveals that after his fight against the
balrog
he was resurrected as gandalf the white
to help save
middle earth gandalf leads the trio to
rohan's capital
ederas where gandalf frees theodin
from saruman's control aragorn stops
theodin from executing wormtongue
who flees learning of saruman's plans to
destroy rohan
with his urukai army theodin evacuates
his citizens to the fortress of helm's
deep
gandalf departs to find eomer and his
followers
hoping they will fight for their
restored king aragorn befriends
theoden's niece
eowyn who becomes infatuated with him
when the refugees traveling to helm's
deep
are attacked by saruman's wargriding
orcs
aragorn falls from a cliff and is
presumed dead
he is revealed to have survived and
rides to helm's deep
witnessing saruman's army marching to
the fortress
in rivendell arwyn is told by her father
elrond
that aragorn will not return he reminds
her that if she remains in middle earth
she will outlive aragorn by thousands of
years and she reluctantly departs
to the undying lands elrond is contacted
by galadriel
of lothlorien who convinces him that the
elves should honor their alliance to men
and they dispatch an army of elves to
helm's deep
to help fight the urukai in fangorn
mary and pippin meet treebeard an ent
convincing treebeard that they are
allies they are brought to an end
council
where the ants decide not to take part
in the coming war
pippin asks treebeard to take them in
the direction of isengard
where they witness the deforestation
caused by saruman's war effort
enraged treebeard and the ants overwhelm
eisenguard
trapping saruman in his tower aragorn
arrives at helm's deep
and reveals that saruman's army is close
and theoden must prepare for battle
despite the overwhelming urakai numbers
the army of elves from lothlorien
arrives as does saruman's army and a
night battle ensues
the urukai breach the outer wall with
explosives and kill the elves commander
hal dir the defenders retreat into the
keep where aragorn convinces theoden to
meet the urukai in one last
charge at dawn as the defenders are
overwhelmed
gandalf and eomer arrive with the
rohamir winning the battle
the surviving urukai flee into fangorn
forest
and are killed by the ants gandalf warns
that sauron
will retaliate gollum leads frodo and
sam
through the dead marshes to the black
gate but recommends they enter mordor by
another route
frodo and sam are captured by rangers
led by faramir
brother of the late boromir frodo helps
feramir catch gollum to save him from
being killed by the rangers
learning of the one ring faramir takes
his captives to gondor
to bring the ring to his father denethor
passing through the besieged gondorian
city of osgiliath
frodo tries to explain to faramir the
true nature of the ring
and sam explains that boromir was driven
mad by its power
a naz ghoul nearly captures frodo who
falls under the ring's power
and momentarily attacks sam who reminds
him that they are fighting for the good
still left in middle earth
impressed by frodo's resolve faramir
releases them
gollum decides to betray frodo and
reclaim the ring
by leading the group to someone he
refers to as
[Music]
her